--- SEARCHING PARAGRAPHS ---
Para 137: 'Power unit, '
Para 141: 'An automobile is made up of mainly two units, these are Chassis and Body. '
Para 152: 'Transmission Units includes '
Para 159: 'Engine Units Includes '
Para 189: 'In this type of construction, there is no frame. It is also called unitized frame-body construction. '
Para 190: 'All the assembly units are attached to the body and all the functions of the frame carried out by the body itself. '
Para 191: 'Here the body shell and underbody are welded into single unit. The underbody is made of floor plates and channel and box sections welded into single unit. This assembly replaces the frame. '
Para 207: 'If the frame contains the base components it’s called as chassis. The components are like Engine, radiator, clutch, gearbox, silencer, road wheels, fuel tank, wirings, differential units, etc.., '
Para 267: 'A body consists of windows and doors, engine cover, roof, luggage cover etc. The electrical system in the body is connected to the chassis electrical units so that the battery and the generator/alternator can furnish the required electrical energy to the system. '
Para 320: 'The clutch, gearbox, and final drive usually made as one unit thereby coast of vehicle are reducing. '
Para 343: 'The clutch, gearbox, and final drive usually made as one unit thereby coast of vehicle are reducing. '
Para 445: 'The cylinder block is the main supporting structure for the various components. The cylinder of a multi cylinder engine is cast as a single unit, called cylinder block. The cylinder head is mounted on the cylinder block. '
Para 545: 'At the closing, it is customary to delay the IVC beyond the BDC to take advantage of the inertia of the fresh charge rushing into the engine, see Fig. 1.14 This will increase what is referred to as the ―volumetric efficiency‖ of the engine. The volumetric efficiency indicates the breathing ability of the engine and is defined as the actual mass of the fresh air trapped in the cylinder (after valves are closed) divided by the theoretical mass of air calculated based on the piston displacement volume. The higher the volumetric efficiency, the higher the engine ability to trap fresh air, providing opportunity for combustion of a more mass of fuel on account of a more entrapped oxygen, thereby producing higher power for the same piston displacement. Furthermore, the engine brake power rises and then falls off with speed for a number of reasons: mainly the fall in volumetric efficiency, and the fall in mechanical efficiency. The delayed closure of the intake valve for achieving higher volumetric efficiency usually works best at higher engine speeds due to sufficiently high inertia of the incoming fresh charge. Note that the IVO does also affect the volumetric efficiency through the magnitude of the backflow into the intake system mentioned earlier. '
Para 612: 'The ECS consists of various engine sensors, Electronic control unit, Fuel injector assemblies and related wiring. '
Para 649: 'The amount of fuel to be injected is decided by the engine control unit. The engine control unit takes the input from different sensors and decides the amount of fuel to be supplied for the injection. '
Para 713: 'Combined pump and injector for each cylinder (unit injector type) '
Para 746: 'Distributor system\xa0– Fuel will flow from the storage tank through filters to the low-pressure pump, then to the metering and pressure pumps. This metering and pressure pump provide fuel to a distributor unit, which distributes and sends the correct amount of gasoline to each injector/cylinder. Small and medium-sized engines use this part.'
Para 749: 'Unit Injector System '
Para 756: 'Fig. 2.7 Unit Injector system'
Para 827: 'It has no moving parts because it is controlled by the electronic control unit (ECV). '
Para 886: 'As the flywheel rotates past the exciter coil, the AC produced by the exciter coil is changed to DC by the diode in the CDI unit. '
Para 887: 'The capacitor in CDI unit stores the energy until it’s needed to fire the spark plug. '
Para 888: 'As the flywheel/rotor magnet rotates past the trigger coil, a low voltage in the trigger coil, which activates the electronic switch in CDI unit. '
Para 1049: '• Differential unit '
Para 1053: 'It works on the principle of friction. When two friction surfaces are brought in contact with each other and they are united due to the friction between them. If one is revolved the other will also revolve.'
Para 1139: 'A gearbox is a mechanical method of transferring energy from one device to another and is used to increase torque while reducing speed. Torque is the power generated through the bending or twisting of a solid material. This term is often used interchangeably with transmission. Located at the junction point of a power shaft, the gearbox is often used to create a right angle change in direction, as is seen in a rotary mower or a helicopter. Each unit is made with a specific purpose in mind, and the gear ratio used is designed to provide the level of force required. This ratio is fixed and cannot be changed once the box is constructed. The only possible modification after the fact is an adjustment that allows the shaft speed to increase, along with a corresponding reduction in torque. In a situation where multiple speeds are needed, a transmission with multiple gears can be used to increase torque while slowing down the output speed. This design is commonly found in automobile transmissions. The same principle can be used to create an overdrive gear that increases output speed while decreasing torque. '
Para 1184: 'It is that gear box in which sliding synchronizing units are provided in place of sliding dog clutches as in case of constant mesh gear box. With the help of synchronizing unit, the speed of both the driving and driven shafts is synchronized before they are clutched together through train of gears. The arrangement of power flow for the various gears remains the same as in constant mesh gear box. The synchronizer is made of frictional materials. When the collar tries to mesh with the gear, the synchronizer will touch the gear first and use friction force to drive the gear to spin at the same speed as the collar. This will ensure that the collar is meshed into the gear very smoothly without grinding. Synchromesh gear devices work on the principle that two gears to be engaged are first bought into frictional contact which equalizes their speed after which they are engaged readily and smoothly.'
Para 1217: 'Differential Unit: '
Para 1226: 'Fig. 3.24 Differential Unit'
Para 1323: 'The actual shift timings are determined by the D.S.G.\'s Electronic Control Unit, or E.C.U., which commands a hydro-mechanical unit, and the two units combined are called a "mechatronics" unit. Because the D.S.G. & E.C.U. uses "fuzzy logic", the operation of the DSG is said to be "adaptive"; i.e. the DSG will "learn" how the user drives the car, and will tailor the shift points accordingly. '
Para 1442: 'The anti-lock brake controller is also known as the CAB (Controller Anti-lock Brake). Typically, ABS include a central electronic control unit (ECU), four-wheel speed sensors, and at least two hydraulic valves within the brake hydraulics. The ECU constantly monitors the rotational speed of each wheel; if it detects a wheel rotating significantly slower than the others, a condition indicative of impending wheel lock, it actuates the valves to reduce hydraulic pressure to the brake at the affected wheel, thus reducing the braking force on that wheel; the wheel then turns faster. Conversely, if the ECU detects a wheel turning significantly faster than the others, brake hydraulic pressure to the wheel is increased so the braking force is reapplied, slowing down the wheel. This process is repeated continuously and can be detected by the driver via brake pedal pulsation. Some anti-lock systems can apply or release braking pressure 15 times per second.[17] Because of this, the wheels of cars equipped with ABS are practically impossible to lock even during panic braking in extreme conditions. The ECU is programmed to disregard differences in wheel rotative speed below a critical threshold, because when the car is turning, the two wheels towards the center of the curve turn slower than the outer two. For this same reason, a differential is used in virtually all road going vehicles. If a fault develops in any part of the ABS, a warning light will usually be illuminated on the vehicle instrument panel, and the ABS will be disabled until the fault is rectified. Modern ABS apply individual brake pressure to all four wheels through a control system of hub mounted sensors and a dedicated micro-controller. ABS is offered or comes standard on most road vehicles produced today and is the foundation for electronic stability control systems, which are rapidly increasing in popularity due to the vast reduction in price of vehicle electronics over the years. Modern electronic stability control systems are an evolution of the ABS concept. Here, a minimum of two additional sensors are added to help the system work: these are a steering wheel angle sensor, and a gyroscopic sensor. The theory of operation is simple: when the gyroscopic sensor detects that the direction taken by the car does not coincide with what the steering wheel sensor reports, the ESC software will break the necessary individual wheel(s) (up to three with the most sophisticated systems), so that the vehicle goes the way the driver intends. The steering wheel sensor also helps in the operation of Cornering Brake Control (CBC), since this will tell the ABS that wheels on the inside of the curve should brake more than wheels on the outside, and by how much. ABS equipment may also be used to implement a traction control system (TCS) on acceleration of the vehicle. If, when accelerating, the tire loses traction, the ABS controller can detect the situation and take suitable action so that traction is regained. More sophisticated versions of this can also control throttle levels and brakes simultaneously.'
Para 1457: 'Controller The controller is an ECU type unit in the car which receives information from each individual wheel speed sensor, in turn if a wheel loses traction the signal is sent to the controller, the controller will then limit the brake force (EBD) and activate the ABS modulator which actuates the braking valves on and off. '
Para 1502: 'Rack and pinion unit mounted in the cockpit of an Ariel Atom sports car chassis. For most high volume production, this is usually mounted on the other side of this panel Steering box of a motor vehicle, the traditional (non-assisted), you may notice that the system allows you to adjust the braking and steering systems, you can also see the attachment system to the frame. Many modern cars use rack and pinion steering mechanisms, where the steering wheel turns the pinion gear; the pinion moves the rack, which is a linear gear that meshes with the pinion, converting circular motion into linear motion along the transverse axis of the car (side to side motion). This motion applies steering torque to the swivel pin ball joints that replaced previously used kingpins of the stub axle of the steered wheels via tie rods and a short lever arm called the steering arm. The rack and pinion design have the advantages of a large degree of feedback and direct steering "feel". A disadvantage is that it is not adjustable, so that when it does wear and develop lash, the only cure is replacement. Older designs often use the recalculating ball mechanism, which is still found on trucks and utility vehicles. '
Para 1557: ' Liquefied petroleum gas or liquid petroleum gas (LPG or LP gas), also referred to as simply propane or butane, is a flammable mixture of hydrocarbon gases used as a fuel in heating appliances, cooking equipment, and vehicles. It is increasingly used as an aerosol propellant and a refrigerant, replacing chlorofluorocarbons in an effort to reduce damage to the ozone layer. When specifically used as a vehicle fuel it is often referred to as auto gas. Varieties of LPG bought and sold include mixes that are primarily propane (C 3H8), primarily butane (C4H10) and, most commonly, mixes including both propane and butane. In winter, the mixes contain more propane, while in summer, they contain more butane. In the United States, primarily two grades of LPG are sold: commercial propane and HD-5. These specifications are published by the Gas Processors Association (GPA) and the American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM). Propane/butane blends are also listed in these specifications. Propylene, butylenes and various other hydrocarbons are usually also present in small concentrations. HD-5 limits the amount of propylene that can be placed in LPG to 5%, and is utilized as an auto gas specification. A powerful odorant, ethanethiol, is added so that leaks can be detected easily. The international standard is EN 589. In the United States, tetrahydrothiophene (thiophane) or amyl mercaptan are also approved odorants, although neither is currently being utilized. LPG is prepared by refining petroleum or "wet" natural gas, and is almost entirely derived from fossil fuel sources, being manufactured during the refining of petroleum (crude oil), or extracted from petroleum or natural gas streams as they emerge from the ground. It was first produced in 1910 by Dr. Walter Snelling, and the first commercial products appeared in 1912. It currently provides about 3% of all energy consumed, and burns relatively cleanly with no soot and very few sulfur emissions.'
Para 1558: 'As it is a gas, it does not pose ground or water pollution hazards, but it can cause air pollution. LPG has a typical specific calorific value of 46.1 MJ/kg compared with 42.5 MJ/kg for fuel oil and 43.5 MJ/kg for premium grade petrol (gasoline). However, its energy density per volume unit of 26 MJ/L is lower than either that of petrol or fuel oil, as its relative density is lower (about 0.5–0.58, compared to 0.71–0.77 for gasoline). As its boiling point is below room temperature, LPG will evaporate quickly at normal temperatures and pressures and is usually supplied in pressurised steel vessels. They are typically filled to 80–85% of their capacity to allow for thermal expansion of the contained liquid. The ratio between the volumes of the vaporized gas and the liquefied gas varies depending on composition, pressure, and temperature, but is typically around 250:1. The pressure at which LPG becomes liquid, called its vapour pressure, likewise varies depending on composition and temperature; for example, it is approximately 220 kilopascals (32 psi) for pure butane at 20 °C (68 °F), and approximately 2,200 kilopascals (320 psi) for pure propane at 55 °C (131 °F). LPG is heavier than air, unlike natural gas, and thus will flow along floors and tend to settle in low spots, such as basements. There are two main dangers from this. The first is a possible explosion if the mixture of LPG and air is within the explosive limits and there is an ignition source. The second is suffocation due to LPG displacing air, causing a decrease in oxygen concentration. Large amounts of LPG can be stored in bulk cylinders and can be buried underground.'
Para 1562: "A hybrid electric vehicle (HEV) is a type of hybrid vehicle and electric vehicle which combines a conventional internal combustion engine (ICE) propulsion system with an electric propulsion system. The presence of the electric powertrain is intended to achieve either better fuel economy than a conventional vehicle or better performance. There are a variety of HEV types, and the degree to which they function as EVs varies as well. The most common form of HEV is the hybrid electric car, although hybrid electric trucks (pickups and tractors) and buses also exist. Modern HEVs make use of efficiency-improving technologies such as regenerative braking, which converts the vehicle's kinetic energy into electric energy to charge the battery, rather than wasting it as heat energy as conventional brakes do. Some varieties of HEVs use their internal combustion engine to generate electricity by spinning an electrical generator (this combination is known as a motor-generator), to either recharge their batteries or to directly power the electric drive motors Many HEVs reduce idle emissions by shutting down the ICE at idle and restarting it when needed; this is known as a start-stop system. A hybrid-electric produces less emissions from its ICE than a comparably sized gasoline car, since an HEV's gasoline engine is usually smaller than a comparably sized pure gasoline-burning vehicle (natural gas and propane fuels produce lower emissions) and if not used to directly drive the car, can be geared to run at maximum efficiency, further improving fuel economy. In 1901 Ferdinand Porsche developed the Lohner-Porsche Mixte Hybrid, the first gasoline electric hybrid automobile in the world. The hybrid-electric vehicle did not become widely available until the release of the Toyota Prius in Japan in 1997, followed by the Honda Insight in 1999. While initially perceived as unnecessary due to the low cost of gasoline, worldwide increases in the price of petroleum caused many automakers to release hybrids in the late 2000s; they are now perceived as a core segment of the automotive market of the future. About 9 million hybrid electric vehicles have been sold worldwide by October 2014, led by Toyota Motor Company (TMC) with more than 7 million Lexus and Toyota hybrids sold as of September 2014, followed by Honda Motor Co., Ltd. with cumulative global sales of more than 1.35 million hybrids as of June 2014, Ford Motor Corporation with over 375 thousand hybrids sold in the United States through September 2014, and the Hyundai Group with cumulative global sales of 200 thousand hybrids as of March 2014, including both Hyundai Motors and Kia Motors hybrid models. Worldwide sales of hybrid vehicles produced by TMC reached 1 million units in May 2007; 2 million in August 2009; and passed the 5 million mark in March 2013. As of December 2013, worldwide hybrid sales are led by the Toyota Prius lift back, with cumulative sales of 3.17 million units, and available in almost 80 countries and regions. The Prius nameplate has sold 4.2 million hybrids and plug-in hybrids up to December 2013. The United States is the world's largest hybrid market with over 3 million hybrid automobiles and SUVs sold through October 2013, followed by Japan with more than 2.6 million hybrids sold through September 2013. The Prius is the top selling hybrid car in the U.S. market, passing the 1 million milestones in April 2011. Cumulative sales of the Prius in Japan reached the 1 million mark in August 2011."

--- SEARCHING TABLES ---
Table 0 [0,0]: 'UNIT'
Table 0 [1,0]: 'UNIT-1'
Table 0 [2,0]: 'UNIT-2'
Table 0 [3,0]: 'UNIT-3'
Table 0 [4,0]: 'UNIT-4'
Table 0 [5,0]: 'UNIT-5'
Table 1 [0,0]: 'UNIT-1'
Table 3 [0,0]: 'UNIT-2'
Table 4 [12,2]: 'A. By using an electronic control unit (ECU) to regulate the fuel injectors '
Table 4 [16,5]: 'd) Electronic control unit (ECU)'
Table 4 [17,1]: 'What is the function of the electronic control unit (ECU) in a diesel injection system? '
Table 4 [30,1]: ' What is the function of the electronic control unit (ECU) in a transistorised coil ignition system? '
Table 5 [0,0]: 'UNIT-3'
Table 8 [0,0]: 'UNIT-4'
Table 10 [0,0]: 'UNIT-5'
